# cart263
After reading James Bridle’s essay, “Something is Wrong on The Internet,” I immediately understood the situation that he was talking about. As an avid watcher of Youtube videos, I’ve come across certain accounts that actually look into the weird cartoons that “kids studios” have made. Youtube in itself is a place where you have to tread lightly. Anyone can stumble across something that is not for their age range and can be particularly uncomfortable. However, the cartoons that “kids studios” produce have me rather sickened and confused. These cartoons will take on the copyrighted characters of Disney or Pixar in order to attract young viewers. A majority of thumbnails of videos look sweet and eye-catching, but some of them are completely blunt and don’t hide the adult-themes. In my research to make my project, I found a multitude of videos with captions such as, and I quote, “Mickey Mouse Babie DEAD in Gas Explosion Mickey Mouse & Dog Rescue! Finger Family Nursery Rhymes” or “Mickey & Minnie Mouse Babies Missing Abducted Lethal Injection! Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Cartoons Full.” The low-budget animations in the videos seem like the only “normal” element in these videos. What baffles me is how companies can get away with posting such content so bluntly and label it “for children”. Recently, Youtube has been making changes and have begun to shut down some of these companies, but it makes one wonder about how they managed to get through Youtube’s guidelines and remain on the website for as long as they did. However, the answer is rather simple; popularity and profit. Due to the fact that it is labeled, “for kids” and is most likely watched by kids, the view count can rise up into the thousands. Some of the videos mentioned above have reached 1 to 2 million views. Due to this, Youtube’s algorithm will suggest it for new users as it is deemed “popular” and thus must be good or funny. Additionally, the more a video is viewed, the more profit is being made, including money made through ad revenue.
With all this information, I decided I wanted the experience of my Project to be a concerned player trying to make a difference and see what some children are actually seeing on Youtube. I went through multiple kid videos and videos of people reviewing these weird videos to compile an album of photos from the videos of these “kid-friendly cartoons”. The player would have the choice to decide whether they believe the videos are appropriate for children. However, at the end of the test, the players will find that their choices will not matter; this is due to the very real truth that websites and the companies who make these videos do not care. As long as a large amount of profit is being made and popularity is soaring and drawing in more viewers, studios will continue to make unfriendly animations, stealing from properties like Disney and attracting children to watch content that it not suited for them. The opinion of the public does very little to change the algorithm. I hope my project brings this subject forward to the viewer.
