# cart263
Before I thought about the essential components that would make up my project, I did a lot of research on the myth of Sisyphus. Greek myths are a favorite of mine, so I had fun reading the story of a king who got his way to the top and out of sticky situations through lies, deceit and sly trickery to being eternally punished by the King of the Gods himself. I originally wanted my project to be more visually appealing than technical. I had the idea of using shapes and Jquery's techniques, such as animation and fading, to create the shape of a large man rolling a circular boulder up a never ending mountain. There would be no goal, no stop, no end to the animation, even if you were to restart the web-page, the animated character of Sisyphus himself would be eternally rolling his boulder up a never-ending hill. However, this clashed with need to add an interactive element to the project. Thus, the original animation idea was scrapped. This may have also been a good choice, since I tend to think of these grand projects, but have little to no knowledge of how to actually apply them in code. 

Thus, I thought of something simpler. I thought of an interactive web-page that would end up frustrating the player. The project includes a small box and a line of toys, meant to be cleaned and put away. In this, Sisyphus would technically be a small child and Zeus is his parental figure, of sorts, commanding him to clean up. I find this an interesting view point due to the fact that the mythical king has been reduced to a small child, while a god has been reduced to a parent, the two of them living a normal life in which a parent asks a child to clean up their toys. The element that ties the Greek myth to the project however, is that like Sisyphus's eternal struggle to bring the boulder to the top of the mountain, Lil Sisyphus can not put away all his toys. This is done primarily through JQuery and JQuery UI coding. The interactive elements of the project are the toys, which the player, who is Lil Sisyphus, must put away to avoid Zeus's wrath. Using the .draggable interaction, players may drag some of the toys into the box. However, three of the toys will not go inside. This is through the use of a "revert" command. In order to keep the Reverted Toys interactive, they had to keep their .draggable element in the OnDrop function. To further promote a sense of frustration and pressure, simple text of "Papa Zeus" would pop up after the first toy was dropped, questioning why the toys are not put away and if Sisyphus is happy in making Zeus upset. 

While it is a simple form of recreating Sisyphus eternal struggle, I think it is effective as it is shown through an activity that we as human beings are all familiar with; cleaning up after the consequence of our actions. Unfortunately for Sisyphus, he will never have the satisfaction of fixing his mistakes.
