# cart263
I found this final project to be an interesting challenge from start to finish. My idea was to have a project where you could use the sound of your voice, almost like Siri or Alexa, to create your own song using the sounds provided. This would be done by altering the speed of the beats of the soundtracks until a harmonious song could be achieved.
It is no secret that the impact of COVID-19 left me, along with other students, in disarray and confusion. I tried my hardest to keep up with deadlines and many assignments, alongside working in the grocery store, and maintaining my health. Regardless, I’d say I did well in this project.
I began with the inspiration from one of our assignments regarding Kick, Snare and Hihat beats. While I reused some of the elements, I added more soundtracks such as guitar strings, bass, and drums. I initially had a Bow soundtrack from a violin, but I felt it didn’t quite fit in, so I scratched it out. Once I was able to implement annyang and be able to call the sounds using vocal commands, I began to research into placing a ranged slider. W3BSchools had a wonderful format, so I burrowed it and made small edits in CSS to place it into my project. Once I had a slider set in place for all the sounds, I found the most difficult part of my project, connecting them to the sounds and the altering beats. The sliders cursors will move up or down based on the speed of the beat. Thanks to a few friends and the aid of my teachers, I was able to use annyang to move the cursor using the newValue variable for each slider. Additionally, thanks to Web Designer, I was able to test out and have fun with gradient backgrounds and different display styles.
The 2nd hardest part of the project was successfully altering the beats and tempos of the sounds. It was through numerous amounts of trial and error (and a great help from my teachers) that I was able to use annyang to alter them. Some of the elements I could not alter due to time-constraints was to make the beats alter with the slider cursor to avoid so much repetition of the same annyang commands. Even I found in testing it became rather annoying, but I was unable to figure out the mechanics in time.
Throughout this project, I had many mistakes and flaws. Some I were able to fix and some I wish I could go back and change. I found the sudden change that gripped the world was definitely a factor, however I will also acknowledge my own mistakes of poor time-management and not reaching help more often. Regardless, I am quite content with what I was able to produce. In a way, it kind of teaches those who play to work with what you have in the hopes of making something interesting. With some time and effort, something can be created, even if it seems difficult at times. I thought this project to be an interesting challenge to take hold of and it was and I'm happy with what I was able to learn from it. I hope to come back to it again sometime, perhaps over the summer, to edit and fix it.
